"Feedback from Accounting and Finance business – They are satisfied with work being done by MMP team
“I’m thankful for the daily Profile Update from MMP”
Appreciation received from Namibia Project office on H2H Phase 1 delivery
“I’m happy with the fix in PROD and appreciate your prompt service”
“All good and on track.  Support received and proactivity has been great.”
Appreciation on decommissioning 34 printing jobs for MCC business 
“Thank you very much for all your assistance and good work.”
“Thanks for your support.”
“I am happy with the implementation and a big thanks to you and your team’s assistance and co-operation and willingness to walk the extra mile while under extreme workload to get this done in such a short period. Much appreciated.” 
“Well done to you and your team – your support and assistance is much appreciated. Big thanks to all involved in this successful implementation.”
“Well done to all involved.” 
“Well-done team – great job.”
“Again, well-done to you and your team. The consistent positive feedback that you and your team keep getting on an almost monthly basis from the respective business areas is applauding,  and well deserved.”
“I just want to say thank you to Vivek and Shamiel for the awesome job on assisting to remove 12 missed premiums. This resulted in saving of a write-off and creating a great Old Mutual expectation”
"I appreciate the professional manner in which the request was dealt with as well as the urgency that you applied."
“They do a terrific job, and I especially value the manner in which they deal and engage with the respective business areas. Thanks again for the great job you guys do and way that you deal with our OM business”
“Well done all and thanks for the effort so far.”
Thank you to you and your team for bringing this work in so quickly on your very busy schedule, we really appreciate it.
“Thank you for the confirmation and the great work guys. Really appreciated”
“Thank you and well done team. “
“Thanks for helping out the Premium Relief team with the bulk upload of the bank accounts. You guys did an awesome job pulling this off and saving us from having to send more communications to over 12000 customers. Big thank you.”
“yet again, a fantastic delivery, showing your commitment to OM and it business. It is such a pleasure working with this team, and you make Zensar proud.”
“I would like to send out a huge thank you from myside to YM team for getting this piece of work done!”
“well done team this is great news”